Remove sd optional kwarg from distributions (#5583)
pymc-devs/pymc: RELEASE-NOTES.md

This includes API changes we did not warn about since at least `3.11.0` (2021-01).

- Setting initial values through `pm.Distribution(testval=...)` is now `pm.Distribution(initval=...)`.

> - In favour of `sigma`, the deprecated `sd` has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alternative `sd` keyword argument has been removed from all distributions. `sigma` should be used instead
```

Reviewer: Should add PR link after description. You can see how that's done in other entries of the release notes

Author: Done, thanks : )
